Docs: Fix Custom Views broken links (#3410)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website-custom-views/src/content/deployment-examples/google-cloud-static-web-apps.mdx

# Set up Google Cloud

> To host the production bundles of your Custom View you need to create a [Cloud Storage bucket](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage) in Google Cloud and [configure](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/hosting-static-website-http#sharing) the bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To host the production bundles of your Custom View you need to create a [Cloud Storage bucket](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/hosting-static-website-http#create-bucket) in Google Cloud and [configure](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/hosting-static-website-http#sharing) the bucket.
```

We recommend following the instructions for [Domain-named bucket verification](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/domain-name-verification) to configure things properly.

> Another way to verify your domain is by using a [load balancer](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/hosting-static-website#lb-ssl). You have the chance to upload an SSL certificate to your load balancer. If you are using Google Domain Name Service, in your domain [configuration](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/hosting-static-website#connect-domain), add a new record that points your domain to the IP address of the load balancer you created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way to verify your domain is by using a [load balancer](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/hosting-static-website#lb-ssl). You have the chance to upload an SSL certificate to your load balancer. If you are using Google Domain Name Service, in your domain [configuration](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/hosting-static-website-http#cname), add a new record that points your domain to the IP address of the load balancer you created.
```
